[docs] moodle quickstart (#4286)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    5. If needed, import a database with `ddev import-db --src=/path/to/db.sql.gz`.
    6. Visit the project in a browser, and then build things.

> === "Moodle"

Reviewer: Hi @ibrah3m! Some missing indentation is currently breaking the page layout, and in addition to fixing that I’d recommend a few things:

- Fix up capitalization and punctuation for the bulleted list.
- Remove the note about PHP 8 since that’s DDEV’s default, we would expect it, and the docs already cover changing the PHP version.
- Turn your admonition markup into a `!!!tip` callout that’s part of our docs setup here, also edit for clarity and link to [drud/ddev-cron](https://github.com/drud/ddev-cron) so the reader has a hint about what to investigate further.

I’d also recommend moving this tab further down the page. I’m not sure about Moodle’s usage, but I doubt it’s as prevalent as WordPress or Drupal and I assume these tabs should be roughly sorted by audience size. (The tabs are also a bit out of hand here, but that’s not your fault!)

```suggestion
    ## Moodle

    ```bash
    ddev config --create-docroot --docroot public --webserver-type apache-fpm
    mkdir moodledata
    mkdir .ddev/php
    echo "max_input_vars = 5000;" > .ddev/php/custom.ini
    ddev start
    ddev exec composer create-project moodle/moodle public
    ddev launch
    ```

    Complete installation in a web browser:

    * Choose the language.
    * For the database driver, choose MariaDB.
    * On the database credentials page, enter `db` for host, name, user, and password.
    * Finish the installation.

    !!!tip
        Moodle relies on a periodic cron job—don’t forget to set that up! See [drud/ddev-cron](https://github.com/drud/ddev-cron).
```

    
    Magento 2 is a huge codebase, and we recommend [using Mutagen for performance](install/performance.md#using-mutagen) on macOS and traditional Windows.

=== "Moodle"

    ## Moodle
    
    ```bash
    ddev config --composer-root=public --create-docroot --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm

>     mkdir .ddev/php
>     echo "max_input_vars = 5000;" > .ddev/php/custom.ini

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Can be removed once https://github.com/drud/ddev/pull/4300 is merged.

Reviewer 3: #4300 has been merged, so we can remove these lines.

    
    Magento 2 is a huge codebase, and we recommend [using Mutagen for performance](install/performance.md#using-mutagen) on macOS and traditional Windows.

=== "Moodle"

    ## Moodle
    
    ```bash
    ddev config --composer-root=public --create-docroot --docroot=public --webserver-type=apache-fpm
    mkdir .ddev/php
    echo "max_input_vars = 5000;" > .ddev/php/custom.ini
    ddev start
    ddev composer create moodle/moodle -y

>     ddev exec 'php public/admin/cli/install.php --agree-license  --non-interactive --lang=en --wwwroot=$DDEV_PRIMARY_URL  --dbtype=mariadb --dbhost=db  --dbname=db --dbuser=db --dbpass=db --adminpass=12345 --fullname=DDEVmoodleDemo --shortname=DDEVmoodleDemo'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ddev exec 'php public/admin/cli/install.php --non-interactive --agree-license --wwwroot=$DDEV_PRIMARY_URL --dbtype=mariadb --dbhost=db --dbname=db --dbuser=db --dbpass=db --fullname="DDEV Moodle Demo" --shortname=Demo --adminpass=password'
```

I'd prefer to use a minimal set of options here and use `password` for the admin password.

Reviewer 3: I suggested the password. People will understand. This is for introduction to things only.

>     ddev launch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ddev launch /login
```

    ```

>     Launch a web browser:
> 
>     * The language will be set to English.
>     * For the database driver we used MariaDB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the web browser:

```

>     * Login into your account using 'admin' and '12345'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Login into your account using `admin` and `password`.
```

>     * Visit the [Moodle Admin Quick Guide](https://docs.moodle.org/400/en/Admin_quick_guide) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    Visit the [Moodle Admin Quick Guide](https://docs.moodle.org/400/en/Admin_quick_guide) for more information.
```

Reviewer 3: This is fine.

>     * The language will be english by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * The language will be set to English.
```

    * For the database driver we used MariaDB.
    * Login into your account using 'admin' and '12345'.

>     * Visit the follow link to get quick [guide](https://docs.moodle.org/400/en/Admin_quick_guide)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * Visit the [Moodle Admin Quick Guide](https://docs.moodle.org/400/en/Admin_quick_guide) for more information.
```

>     * Congrats!.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
